# Publishing Extension

Publishing a new version of the extension should be a very careful process.
The extension is a hot wallet and custodies the user's encrypted seed phrase.
If the publishing pipeline was compromised, a bad actor could upload malicious code.

### Access to publish

#### #1 - Penumbra Labs [google group](https://groups.google.com/a/penumbralabs.xyz/g/chrome-extension-publishers)

This entity is a [group publisher](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/webstore/group-publishers/). Members of the
group have publish permissions. Note: For a group member to publish updates, that member must register as a Chrome Web
Store developer and pay the one-time registration fee.
Package uploads are done through
the [Chrome Web Store Developer Dashboard](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/devconsole/).

#### #2 - Github CI/CD

Upon a github release, the `penumbra-zone/penumbra-labs` github team will be pinged for a review of the release.
Any one of the members can approve it. Upon doing so, the pipeline will trigger packaging and uploading the extension
code on the main branch.
See github action [here](../.github/workflows/extension-publish.yml).

Two versions of the extension will be uploaded:

- **Prax Wallet BETA**: A private beta version of the extension, used to garner feedback from external contributors (
  i.e. passionate discord members). Users can be added to this list in
  the [prax-beta-testers google group](https://groups.google.com/a/penumbralabs.xyz/g/prax-beta-testers).
- **Prax Wallet**: The public, production version of the extension.

After the pipeline has run, one of the chrome publishers with dashboard access, should take these actions:

1. Submit the **BETA** version for approval with immediate publishing. There is no risks on this end for breakage. After
   approval, test extensively for bugs.
2. Submit the **PRODUCTION** version for approval but _without_ publishing (should uncheck box that says _"Publish Prax
   wallet automatically after it has passed review"_). Once approved and BETA version is validated, it can be published
   and go live instantly.

##### Credentials

The credentials for this have been generated in
the [penumbra-web google cloud project](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials?project=penumbra-web&supportedpurview=project).
If the one who generated the credentials has been removed from the ownership google group (from #1 above),
new credentials need to be generated for
the [ext-publish](https://github.com/penumbra-zone/web/settings/environments/1654975857/edit) github environment:

- GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID
- GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET
- GOOGLE_REFRESH_TOKEN

These can be generated by following
the [chrome webstore api guide](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/webstore/using_webstore_api/).

Note: there is a Chrome review process that typically takes 1-2 days.
